so today I'm going to be having a look
at the razor like cosa mirror special
edition so this is a backlit gaming
keyboard and the biggest difference as
far as I can tell between the lycosa and
the light coset Mir special edition is
that it has a high-gloss mirror finish
on the hyper response keys
okay backlight illumination macro
programmable gaming keys that's very
cool let's have a look at the back and
we'll see what they are listing in terms
of specs so it is a plastic key top okay
it is a three simultaneous key presses
is the the the anti-ghosting features
that it has oh no this is stupid I'm
reading the verses a standard laptop one
okay now this is a high-gloss mirror
finish key top selected anti-ghosting
gaming cluster okay so the anti-ghosting
gaming cluster is around all of the
gaming Keys that you would typically use
and you can see one of the backlight
features that they have around that
gaming cluster is that you can backlight
only the gaming Keys like the WASD okay
other cool stuff they have a touch panel
media keys which is kind of like what
they have on the Mako speakers it's all
like touch sensitive it's very cool and
then they have an integrated USB
extension extension port your phone out
microphone Ian's jacks that's always
kind of nice to see as well alright what
else do we have here - damn 1,000 Hertz
ultra poling ok that's enough of the box
let's open this thing up and have a look
because ultimately that's what matters
more than anything else about a keyboard
is how good it feels when you're trying
to type and/or game on it so let's get
this baby open
I love razors packaging just the black
look with the green accents on it and
the shiny box
very nice anyway yeah see this this is
what I'm talking about this is awesome
packaging awesome presentation okay you
got your Razer logo so let's see what we
have included here first of all the
Razer guy is saying this thing is really
good and then we have the accessory
package here so for gamers by gamers
let's get this open and find out what we
have inside all right if I could pull
this stuff out then that would work a
lot better so we have a certificate of
authenticity in both
English and French we have the quick
start guide which shows you how to plug
a keyboard into a computer okay that's
awesome
then we have the master guide which is a
much longer version of how to plug a
keyboard into a computer probably shows
you how to configure the software all
the little things like that tells you
all the little cool stuff about this
keyboard in English and French very nice
we have a little cloth for cleaning your
keyboard that's really good because for
I guarantee this thing's a fingerprint
magnet a couple of razor stickers and a
razor product catalog so it's got a
bunch of the other stuff that razer
sells very cool all right let's get this
mid plate out here and let's have a look
at the keyboard of mom this is like a
huge box how am I supposed to get at
this okay so in terms of plugs here we
go we have one USB interface for the
keyboard itself one for the hub okay or
the extension and then we have a
headphone and microphone jack that go
around to the back of your computer and
this is a really neat feature that I
really like to see I mean what makes a
keyboard a gaming keyboard unless it has
something that optimizes it for our
gaming experience so it means that you
can take your your headset and you can
plug it around into your keyboard so
that's not hanging down across your
keyboard into the back of the computer
very very handy so here's the back of
the keyboard let's look at that first
there is nothing exceptional about it
whatsoever you've got a couple of these
tilty pins awesome okay let's go around
to the front so that is the lycosa
mirror now I have to confess I was
expecting more of a mirror and less of a
dark mirror but this is really nice
looking too so it's got a highly highly
glossy black finish over all of the keys
you can see through down to where the
backlight comes from okay so that's a
clear that's a clear spot on every
single key and in terms of typing it's
not very loud actually I'm going to stop
talking for a second so that you can get
some idea how loud the keys are in terms
of comfort it's hard to gauge very
quickly but they have a very sensible
layout to this keyboard they haven't
done anything stupid that would
interfere with gaming like shortening
your left shift key or that went
interfere with typing like shortening
the backspace key over here so they've
got a proper proper layout and I think
I'm pretty much done talking about the
keyboard why don't we do just
more close-up shots I'll get the
cameraman to kind of have a look down
the keyboard here so you can see just
how shiny this thing is I mean check out
check out my hand in the reflection that
is one shiny keyboard surface thank you
for checking out my unboxing of the
razor like cosa mirror gaming keyboard